# Map OSM key-value pairs to filenames from the SJJB icon set.
# Icon set is available from http://www.sjjb.co.uk/mapicons/introduction.
# 
#
# prefix of png-file                osm key         osm value

accommodation_alpinehut             tourism         alpine_hut
accommodation_bed_and_breakfast2    
accommodation_bed_and_breakfast     guest_house     bed_and_breakfast
accommodation_camping               tourism         camp_site
accommodation_caravan_park          tourism         caravan_site
accommodation_chalet2                 
accommodation_chalet                tourism         chalet
accommodation_hostel                tourism         hostel
accommodation_hotel2
accommodation_hotel                 tourism         hotel
accommodation_motel                 tourism         motel
accommodation_shelter2                                             
accommodation_shelter               amenity         shelter
accommodation_youth_hostel
amenity_bench                       amenity         bench
amenity_court                       amenity         courthouse
amenity_firestation2
amenity_firestation3
amenity_firestation                 amenity         fire_station
amenity_fountain2
amenity_fountain                    amenity         fountain
amenity_library2
amenity_library                     amenity         library
amenity_playground                  leisure         playground
amenity_police2                   
amenity_police                      amenity         police   
amenity_post_box                    amenity         post_box
amenity_post_office                 amenity         post_office
amenity_prison                      amenity         prison
amenity_public_building2
amenity_public_building             building        public
amenity_recycling                   amenity         recycling
amenity_survey_point                man_made        survey_point
amenity_telephone                   amenity         telephone
amenity_toilets_disabled            toilets:wheelchair  yes
amenity_toilets_men
amenity_toilets                     amenity         toilets
amenity_toilets_women
amenity_town_hall2
amenity_town_hall                   amenity         townhall
amenity_waste_bin                   amenity         waste_disposal
barrier_blocks                      barrier         block
barrier_bollard                     barrier         bollard
barrier_cattle_grid                 barrier         cattle_grid
barrier_cycle_barrier               barrier         cycle_barrier
barrier_entrance                    barrier         entrance
barrier_exit                        
barrier_gate                        barrier         gate
barrier_kissing_gate                barrier         kissing_gate
barrier_lift_gate                   barrier         list_gate
barrier_steps                        
barrier_stile
barrier_toll_booth
education_college                   amenity         college
education_college_vocational        
education_nursery2
education_nursery3
education_nursery                   amenity         kindergarten
education_school                    amenity         school
education_school_primary
education_school_secondary
education_university                amenity         university
food_bar                            amenity         bar
food_biergarten                     amenity         biergarten
food_cafe                           amenity         cafe
food_drinkingtap                    amenity         drinking_water
food_fastfood2 
food_fastfood                       amenity         fast_food
food_fastfood_pizza
food_ice_cream                      amenity         ice_cream
food_pizza
food_pub                            amenity         pub
food_restaurant                     amenity         restaurant
health_dentist                      amenity         dentist
health_doctors2                     
health_doctors                      amenity         doctors
health_hospital_emergency2
health_hospital_emergency           emergency       yes
health_hospital                     amenity         hospital
health_opticians                    shop            optician       
health_opticians                    craft           optician
health_pharmacy_dispencing          amenity         pharmacy
health_pharmacy                     shop            chemist
health_veterinary                   amenity         veterinary
landuse_coniferous_and_deciduous    leaf_type       mixed
landuse_coniferous                  leaf_type       needleleaved
landuse_deciduous                   leaf_type       broadleaved
landuse_grass                       landuse         grass
landuse_hills                       landuse         bare_rock
landuse_quary
landuse_scrub
landuse_swamp                       natural         wetland
money_atm2
money_atm                           amenity         atm
money_bank2
money_bank                          amenity         bank
money_currency_exchange             amenity         bureau_de_change
place_of_worship_bahai3
place_of_worship_bahai              religion        bahai
place_of_worship_buddhist3
place_of_worship_buddhist           religion        buddhist
place_of_worship_christian3 
place_of_worship_christian          religion        christian
place_of_worship_hindu3
place_of_worship_hindu              religion        hindu
place_of_worship_islamic3           religion        islamic
place_of_worship_islamic
place_of_worship_jain3
place_of_worship_jain               religion        jain
place_of_worship_jewish3
place_of_worship_jewish             religion        jewish
place_of_worship_shinto3
place_of_worship_shinto             religion        shinto
place_of_worship_sikh3 
place_of_worship_sikh               religion        sikh
place_of_worship_unknown3
place_of_worship_unknown            amenity         place_of_worship
poi_boundary_administrative         boundary        administrative
poi_cave                            natural         cave_entrance
poi_crane                           man_made        crane
poi_embassy2
poi_embassy                         amenity         embassy
poi_military_bunker                 building        bunker
poi_military_bunker                 military        bunker
poi_mine_abandoned
poi_mine
poi_mountain_pass                   mountain_pass   yes
poi_peak2
poi_peak                            natural         peak
poi_place_city                      place           city
poi_place_hamlet                    place           hamlet
poi_place_suburb                    place           suburb
poi_place_town                      place           town
poi_place_village                   place           village
poi_point_of_interest               
poi_tower_communications            tower:type      communication
poi_tower_lookout                   tower:type      observation
poi_tower_power                     power           tower
poi_tower_water                     man_made        water_tower
power_station_coal                  generator:source coal
power_station_gas                   generator:source gas
power_station_solar                 generator:source solar
power_station_water                 generator:source hydro
power_station_wind                  generator:source wind
power_substation                    power           substation
power_tower_high2
power_tower_high
power_tower_low                     power           pole
power_transformer                   power           transformer
shopping_alcohol                    shop            alkohol
shopping_bakery                     shop            bakery
shopping_bicycle                    shop            bicycle
shopping_book                       shop            books
shopping_butcher2 
shopping_butcher                    shop            butcher
shopping_car                        shop            car
shopping_car_repair                 shop            car_repair
shopping_clothes                    shop            clothes
shopping_computer                   shop            computer
shopping_confectionery              shop            confectionery
shopping_convenience                shop            convenience
shopping_copyshop                   shop            copyshop
shopping_department_store           shop            department_store
shopping_diy                        shop            diy
shopping_estateagent2               
shopping_estateagent3   
shopping_estateagent                shop            estateagent
shopping_fish                       shop            fish
shopping_florist                    shop            florist
shopping_garden_centre              shop            garden_centre
shopping_gift                       shop            gift
shopping_greengrocer                shop            greengrocer
shopping_hairdresser                shop            hairdresser
shopping_hearing_aids               shop            hearing_aids
shopping_hifi                       shop            hifi
shopping_jewelry2
shopping_jewelry                    shop            jewelry
shopping_kiosk                      shop            kiosk
shopping_laundrette                 shop            laundrette
shopping_marketplace                shop            marketplace
shopping_mobile_phone               shop            mobile_phone
shopping_motorcycle                 shop            motorcycle
shopping_music                      shop            music
shopping_newspaper                  shop            newspaper
shopping_pet2
shopping_pet                        shop            pet
shopping_photo                      shop            photo
shopping_supermarket                shop            supermarket
shopping_tackle                     shop            tackle
shopping_tobacco                    shop            tobacco
shopping_toys                       shop            toys
shopping_vending_machine            shop            vending_machine
shopping_video_rental               shop            video_rental
sport_archery                       sport           archery                                              
sport_baseball                      sport           baseball
sport_canoe                         sport           canoe
sport_cricket                       sport           cricket
sport_diving                        sport           scuba_diving
sport_golf                          sport           golf
sport_gymnasium2
sport_gymnasium                     sport           gymnastics
sport_gym                           sport           fitness         
sport_hillclimbing                  sport           climbing
sport_horse_racing                  sport           horse_racing
sport_iceskating                    sport           ice_skating
sport_jetski                        sport           water_ski 
sport_leisure_centre                leisure         sports_centre
sport_minature_golf                 leisure         minature_golf           
sport_motorracing                   sport           motor
sport_playground                    leisure         playground
sport_sailing                       sport           sailing
sport_shooting                      sport           shooting
sport_skiing_crosscountry           piste:type      nordic
sport_skiing_downhill               piste:type      downhill
sport_snooker                       sport           billiard
sport_soccer                        sport           soccer
sport_stadium                       leisure         stadium
sport_swimming_indoor               leisure         swimming_pool
sport_swimming_outdoor              amenity         swimming_pool
sport_swimming_outdoor              sport           swimming_pool
sport_tennis                        sport           tennis
sport_windsurfing                   sport           surfing
tourist_archaeological2
tourist_archaeological              historic        archaeological_site
tourist_art_gallery2
tourist_art_gallery                 tourism        gallery
tourist_attraction                  tourism        attraction
tourist_battlefield                 historic       battlefield
tourist_beach                       natural        beach
tourist_casino                      amenity        casino
tourist_castle2
tourist_castle                      historic       castle
tourist_cinema2
tourist_cinema                      amenity        cinema
tourist_clock                       amenity        clock
tourist_fountain                    amenity        fountain
tourist_guidepost                   information    guidepost
tourist_information                 tourism        information
tourist_map                         information    map
tourist_memorial                    historic       memorial
tourist_monument                    historic       monument
tourist_museum                      tourism        museum
tourist_picnic                      tourism        picnic_site
tourist_ruin                        historic       ruin
tourist_steam_train                 historic       locomotive
tourist_theatre                     amenity        theatre
tourist_theme_park                  tourism        theme_park
tourist_view_point                  tourism        viewpoint
tourist_waterwheel                  man_made       watermill
tourist_wayside_cross               historic       wayside_cross
tourist_wayside_cross               man_made       cross
tourist_wayside_shrine              historic       wayside_shrine
tourist_windmill                    man_made       windmill
tourist_wreck                       historic       wreck
tourist_zoo                         tourism        zoo
transport_aerodrome2
transport_aerodrome                 aeroway        aerodrome
transport_airport2
transport_airport_gate              aeroway        gate
transport_airport                   
transport_airport_terminal          aeroway        terminal
transport_bus_station               public_transport    station           
transport_bus_stop2
transport_bus_stop                  public_transport    stop_position
transport_car_share                 amenity             car_sharing
transport_emergency_phone           emergency           phone
transport_ford                      highway             ford
transport_fuel_lpg                  fuel:lpg            yes
transport_fuel                      amenity             fuel
transport_helicopter                
transport_helicopter_pad            aeroway             helipad
transport_lighthouse                man_made            lighthouse

transport_marina                    leisure             marina
transport_marina                    landuse             harbour
transport_marina                    harbour             yes

transport_miniroundabout_anticlockwise
transport_miniroundabout_clockwise
transport_parking_bicycle           amenity             bicycle_parking
transport_parking_car               amenity             parking
transport_parking_car_paid          
transport_parking_disabled
transport_parking
transport_parking_private2
transport_parking_private3
transport_parking_private
transport_port
transport_rental_bicycle            amenity              bicycle_rental 
transport_rental_car                amenity              car_rental
transport_roundabout_anticlockwise
transport_roundabout_clockwise
transport_slipway                   leisure              slipway
transport_speedbump                 
transport_subway                    railway              subway
transport_taxi_rank                 amenity              taxi
transport_traffic_lights
transport_train_station2
transport_train_station             railway              station
transport_tram_stop
transport_turning_circle
transport_walking
transport_zebra_crossing
water_dam
water_tower
water_weir

